From his early short film Judgement (1999) to the well-known "Revenge Trilogy", Park Chan-wook subtly puts in moments of the past, allowing the images to be present and render the shapes.


Park Chan-wook did not explicitly mention the Gwangju Movement, which was once artificially buried, in the film. Instead, he placed those who fought, bled, cried, were determined, and died in the background, allowing them to continue speaking out in their own way. In many contemporary Korean films/books/photographic works, there are also creators who use art to return to this (non-)existent history, looking back again and again, exploring the boundaries of freedom from the violence of national history, and continuing to question future justice.


"Brew Film" will publish a new issue in June titled "Man, Woman, Bug: The Metamorphosis of Park Chan-wook". With Kafka as the introduction and Park Chan-wook as the title, it attempts to reveal the fateful fall of mankind under more than a hundred years of institutional oppression, and the absurd nature of what makes people human: every effort to create order will lead to alienation and alienation, and Kafka and Park Chan-wook move forward along this thread, using one "inhuman" body after another to expose the hypocrisy of the world - when the world has become a freak show with no beginning and no end, and movies no longer provide shelter, we are more willing to uncover the cruel scars of reality, and through texts, images and performances, explore the tragedy of existence, and after the transformation, ask again: In this world where it is impossible to be human, what is the meaning of being human? How can we recover the soul that makes us human?


An important thread hidden beneath Park Chan-wook's creative narrative is the "Gwangju Incident" that he experienced during his college years. Therefore, "Brew Movies" will also launch a special topic on the official website in May [I Remember, There Are Bullets and Flowers in My Body - Looking Back at Gwangju That Year with Movies], hoping to start from the Gwangju incident, look back at the democratic process of South Korea and Taiwan, and extend it to the subjects that are often obscured in the movement. These may not be on the monument, but they are women and grassroots activists who speak out and survive in the cracks of reality...